she had been the one to create the story
and from that came real excitement right
to read as a really good app for in the
home and also in the classroom it's fun
and enjoyable but also they learn a lot
from it my daughter learnt at least five
new words and the time that she wrote
one book yes what because it's fun and
enjoyable the kids would probably really
enjoy using this in the holidays and not
really think of it as work but you as a
parent could be confident that they're
getting that input in terms of
supporting their reading and writing so
they're getting ready for going back to
school yeah she can also read the story
and listen to herself that she's
recorded it and then to be able to share
it with close members of the family like
for herself she wanted to share it with
her granny and me up to press just one
button and know that her granny will be
reading her story that night I think the
corny that was like a fantastic thing to
be able to do
we've child this app in the nursery and
it's working really well the children
are loving it it's a great educational
app that you know the children can make
their own stories they can write their
own words and it can be used in all
nurseries primary schools and with
parents at home when children learn to
speak everything they do are
acknowledged by their parents and their
parents repeat what they say but in
adult language and this is what is the
advantage of the app it helps parents
teach children how to write in the same
way as they teach them how to speak